>> Steve Kinney: So our mission is to
start with just getting the blood flow and
getting some of these very
kind of simple tests in place.
I did addition there's not a lot of heady,
how am I gonna implement these things,
right?
It is, you take the math operators,
you make it work, right?
But the, what we're trying to do is get
the rhythm of pulling in something,
watching it fail, running the test,
going and changing it,
getting that rhythm in place and seeing
it, and then we'll pick it up from there.
>> Steve Kinney: Again,
we've got addition, and so
now we'll bring in the rest of
the function options along the way.
I could also import them all and then have
those properties on here, multiply and
divide, and we'll write some basic
assertions of how this should work.
So what I might choose to do here is
again, I turn red cuz there's no test.
Great it should subtract one number
from the other seems like a good name.
>> Steve Kinney: And then we can expect,
and if you see me make a booboo,
you can be he must be working on
some a higher level of thinking no,
I'm probably talking while I'm typing,
right?
And it's probably a boo-boo.
So if you see something like that, feel
free to interrupt me because talking and
typing while standing at a podium
leads to mistakes sometimes.
Great, now,
this one still fails why does it fail?
Because that function doesn't do anything.
So we can A, B, and
then we'll return A minus B.
And there is that rewarding
feeling as the terminal beneath my
editor just turned green for a second.
Feels right and
you might be I should go ahead and
do multiply divided while I'm in here.
I'm like no, cuz we're practicing.
This is about getting good habits in
place, not the fact that you know third
grade math or you know how to make
JavaScript your third grade math.
Okay, so then we do the same thing,
get it nice and red.
And like I did, I'm hitting command S,
so I get that feedback as I go along.
There are people out there who
have stuff auto save all the time.
I can't do that [LAUGH] It's not me,
it's not who I am as a person,
you are welcome to do that.
In fact, I think if I change away from
this window it will try to auto save,
which I did while I was teaching
a workshop and someone said you
should do that I turned that setting on,
I presented it ever since.
It's never been the day
I've turned it off.
So, it should multiply two numbers.
Okay, great and we go ahead,
we put the test in there.
And again, mostly, this is so
that when you write tests later, you're
not going, what is the syntax for a test?
Because you've done it enough times
in a row that all of a sudden you get
the muscle memory in place.
And so again, we can expect that multiply
anyone have a favorite multiplication?
That's a weird ask
>> [LAUGH]
>> Steve Kinney: [LAUGH] Anyone have two
favorite numbers they love to multiply?
3 times 2 is 6 it fails again.
>> Steve Kinney: A and B, and
then we'll return A times B.
Awesome, awesome, awesome we'll go
ahead and it should divide two numbers.
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll divide,
divide can always get weird on you,
cuz you can choose to JavaScript, right?
We can get to some weird places
with floating point numbers,
but we're not gonna do that
to ourselves right now.
We'll say, to 35, fails, and
we get it working, right?
And that is the effective rhythm now,
there's some edge cases here
that we need to think about.
And we will but let's get the test pass.
Before I ruin our day already,
I'm just gonna get the test passing.
Awesome and
that's kind of when you hear about like,
test driven development that is
the very simple version of it.
Obviously, depending on what you're doing,
it grows bigger and bigger.
And it is super useful for things like,
hey, I got this one data structure, and
I need to pull these properties off of it.
Or I have this one data structure,
I need to turn it into the other thing.
And maybe I need to pull three
different properties and
compute them in different ways
very useful for that, right?
But one of the things that I kind
of wanna put in your head is at
least give you a little bit
of permission structure.
When you can do this,
it's a really great flow and rhythm.
And it's very easy to kind of get in the
zone and kind of get that flow stay going.
But like then, if this is so good,
then why doesn't everyone
do it all the time, right?
Because sometimes it's hard sometimes you
are getting existing code that has no
tests whatsoever, right?
It's hard to do test driven development
when the code's already been developed,
and you're just adding
a thing on top of it.
It's very easy to get into the flow, but
like sometimes you inherit code, and
that's tricky as well.
And there are a lot of cases
where it may not work.
Sometimes you don't actually know
what the problem you're solving is.
You get that bug report, all right?
And in a perfect world, a practice that I
would love to instill in you is you get
bug report, you write a test that fails,
you make a pass.
But sometimes you don't
even know what it is and
you're kind of playing around
you're trying out different things.
And you find yourself 60% down the path
of getting it solved and realize that you
have not done test-driven development and
that somebody out there is judging you.